Example of advertisement from a Yeelight device:

```
NOTIFY * HTTP/1.1
Host: 239.255.255.250:1982
Cache-Control: max-age=3600
Location: yeelight://192.168.1.41:55443
NTS: ssdp:alive
Server: POSIX, UPnP/1.0 YGLC/1
id: 0x0000000008016701
model: stripe
fw_ver: 73
support: get_prop set_default set_power toggle set_bright start_cf stop_cf set_scene cron_add cron_get cron_del set_ct_abx set_rgb set_hsv set_adjust adjust_bright adjust_ct adjust_color set_music set_name
power: off
bright: 100
color_mode: 1
ct: 4000
rgb: 16777164
hue: 60
sat: 20
name: 
```

## COMMAND message

COMMAND message is generated by YeelightWifiStrip devices and sent to smart LED. The format of the command is defined as below:

```
{ id_pair, method_pair, params_pair}\r\n
```

|Pair|Presence|String|Value|
|id_pair|mandatory|"id"|int(val)|
|method_pair|mandatory|"method"|string(method_val)|
|params_pair|mandatory|"params"|array(params_val)|

The value of "id" is an integer filled by message sender. It will be echoed back in RESULT message. This is to help request sender to correlate request and response.
The value of "method" is a string that specifies which control method the sender wants to invoke. The value must be chosen by sender from one of the methods that listed in "SUPPORT" header in advertisement request or search response message. Otherwise, the message will be rejected by smart LED.
The value of "params" is an array. The values in the array are method specific.

Example:
```json
{ "id": 1, "method": "set_power", "params":["on", "smooth", 500]}
```

Following is the list of all supported methods and parameters.

### TODO: Method `get_prop` 

This method is used to retrieve current property of smart LED.

Parameters: 1 to N
The parameter is a list of property names and the response contains a list of corresponding property values. If the requested property name is not recognized by smart LED, then a empty string value ("") will be returned.
Request example:
```json
{ "id":1, "method":"get_prop", "params":["power", "not_exist", "bright"]}
```
Response example:
```json
{ "id":1, "result":["on", "", "100"]}
```
TODO: Note: All the supported properties are defined in table 4-2, section 4.3

### Method `set_ct_abx`

This method is used to change the color temperature of a smart LED.

Parameters: 3
  - `ct_value` is the target color temperature. The type is integer and range is 1700 ~ 6500 (k).
  - `effect` supports two values: "sudden" and "smooth". If effect is "sudden", then the color temperature will be changed directly to target value, under this case, the third parameter "duration" is ignored. If effect is "smooth", then the color temperature will be changed to target value in a gradual fashion, under this case, the total time of gradual change is specified in third parameter "duration".
  - `duration` specifies the total time of the gradual changing. The unit is milliseconds. The minimum support duration is 30 milliseconds.

Request example:
```json
{ "id":1, "method":"set_ct_abx", "params":[3500, "smooth", 50]}
```
